1. What New Features Were Added in Java 8?
2. How Streams differ from collections?
3. What is the use of Functional Interface in Java 8? When to use Functional Interface in Java 8?
4. What is the need of static method in Interface ?
5. What is the need of having a default method in an interface ?
6. What is Lambda Expression in Java 8?
7. What is Method Reference in Java 8?
8. What are different types of Method References in Java 8?
9. Why to use Optional in Java 8?
10. What is Optional in Java 8?

Please follow below link to find the answers of these questions :
Top 20 interview questions on Java 8 feature - https://onlyfullstack.blogspot.com/2019/07/java-8-feature-interview-questions.html

Please follow below url to find Java 8 Lambda questions - https://onlyfullstack.blogspot.com/2019/08/java-8-lambda-expression-interview.html

Please follow below url to find Java 8 programming questions :
Top 10 programming questions asked on Java 8 features - https://onlyfullstack.blogspot.com/2019/07/java-8-programming-interview-questions.html  


Interview Questions


1.which one to choose : static or singleton pattern.
2. need to overload any method . will it not create confusion with the names.
3. what is cyclic dependency.Impact of cyclic dependency on applcation.
how to get rid of it?
4.describe any design pattern .why chose that pattern and its advantages
5.what is is-a and has-has a relationship
6.write code for singleton pattern.  


2. If we have static method in class, is it thread safe?

4. Java memory management
5. write method that will reverse string
6. We have a in-bound and out-bound queue and between is a multithreaded logic that threads take a messages from in-bound queue and write to outbound queue.
 Propose solution that messages from outbound queue will be available in he same order as data in in-bound queue


------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------

Technical Questions:
Q1. What is the difference between multi tasking, multi processing and multi programming operating systems with examples ?
Q2. Tell me about memory allocation (stack vs. heap)?
Q3.You have two threads one printing even numbers in order and other odd numbers. Design an algorithm so that it prints numbers in natural order?
Q4. Print a matrix in spiral order?
Q5. Thread class and Runnable Interface?
Q6. What’s the difference between a Linked List and an ArrayList and give me an example of when to use which?
Q7. Questions of OS concepts?



It was a typical Buy/Sell problem with two different scenarios.

One was that you can sell after you buy and other was that you can sell and buy anytime.

This is was the easier question 30 marks.

Link : https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/stock-buy-sell/

2nd One :

It was relatively tougher problem with a weightage of 40 marks.

Typical 2d-DP problem.


Question: Find and return the maximum sum of  k x k matrix with maximum sum in a n x n matrix.  LINK: https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/print-maximum-sum-square-sub-matrix-of-given-size/


https://www.theguardian.com/science/2017/jul/03/did-you-solve-it-are-you-smarter-than-a-cat

https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-questions-asked-in-Hirevue-JP-Morgan-Interview-for-Java-Software-Developer


Explain OOPS Concept ?
What is Constructor overriding/overloading ?
What is Abstraction in Detail and Explain Inheritence ?
Explain Collection and its types ?
Difference between LinkedList and ArrayList ?
Difference between Map and ConcurentMap ?
Explain how multithreading works ?
What is difference between Procedure and Function in SQL ?
Write a Query to return Top 5th Record of an Employee based on Salary given all required Columns are present in same Table ?
Difference between varchar and varchar2 ?
Types of Index in SQL ?
What is Classloader ?
What is Caching and how can you implement your Cache ?
How Hibernate Implements it's Caching ?
Given a Class with same Package and Defination in 2 Separate war/ear, will those Classes Collide on deploying on same Container(Tomcat) ?
If I load the same Class by ClassLoader, which class is going to be loaded ?
How to Identify and Solve ThreadStuck Issue/Exceptions. ?
How is your Experience in Debugging ?
 my mind.




https://www.quora.com/What-are-the-questions-asked-in-Hirevue-JP-Morgan-Interview-for-Java-Software-Developer